Starting the new year with a new program for a lab notebook. The github and markdown style of obsidian is really tempting. We will see how it goes, but I think this will be my thing going forward. These daily notes will serve as tasks for the day, overall questions and goals. Each will probably link to more specific project directories, but will serve as a major plan for the day.  This daily notes template will probably also be updated as I continue to use the software. 

# To Do:
- [x] Task 1: Get obsidian up and running and connected to github 
- [x] Task 2: Make sure classes are all set for the spring semester (do the UTH register form) and calendar is fully setup
	- [ ] Get signatures for UTH class
- [x] Task 3: Writing for the Vigo paper
- [ ] (POSTPONED) Task 4: Launch a clustering of UniRef at 80% similarity for seqscreen
- [x] Task 5: Meet with Mike about seqscreen plans
	- [x] Download Seqscreen DB v23.3 on the server
	- [x] Re-run the split-toxins on that DB with the windowed mode (LAUNCHED)
	- [x] Run the k=4 on the split-toxins dataset as well (LAUNCHED)


## Questions
- No serious ones that came up today

## Daily Notes

Seqscreen DB successfully downloaded in `/home/dbs/SeqScreenDB_23.3`

Launched jobs (all with windowed mode, 64 threads, seqscreen db 23.3)
p00 --> seqs1
fungcat01 --> seqs2
owlet00 --> seqs3
owlet02 --> seqs4 (note there is not tmux on this server so screen was used)

I also launched a job with k=4 (diamond parameters updated in the nanopore.nf file) on gho with 32 threads:
`./seqscreen --fasta toxin_tests/obfuscation_test_controlled_sequences/all_seqs_no_spaces.fasta --databases ../../../dbs/SeqScreenDB_23.3 --working toxin_tests/all_seqs_ONT/ --threads 32 --ont`

Results of the k=4 do not look promising. Despite resulting in a 99% score on the BAM subset dataset before (113/114 = ~99%), going from 114 to 163 sequences resulted in an additional 29 missed toxins for (133/163 = ~81%). This is using the definition that either cytotoxicity or disable_organ is flagged. If we relax the definition to also include if the correct toxin is identified, then we get (143/163 = ~88%)

Overall we are flag 3370/4798=~70.2% of all the sequences. Not great. 

## Goals for Tomorrow

- Analyze the full results from the seqscreen runs
- Write introduction for the methods paper
- Get remaining signatures


